Adding Redaction and Compliance docs (#45373)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/data-classification.md

## Install classification package

### [.NET CLI](#tab/dotnet-cli)

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Microsoft.Extensions.Compliance.Classification
```

### [PackageReference](#tab/package-reference)

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.Extensions.Compliance.Classification"
                    Version="*" />
</ItemGroup>
```

---

## Create custom classifications

Define custom classifications by creating static members for different types of sensitive data. This gives you a consistent way to label and handle data across your app. Consider the following example class:

```csharp
using Microsoft.Extensions.Compliance.Classification;

internal static class MyTaxonomyClassifications
{
    internal static string Name => "MyTaxonomy";

    internal static DataClassification PrivateInformation => new(Name, nameof(PrivateInformation));
    internal static DataClassification CreditCardNumber => new(Name, nameof(CreditCardNumber));
    internal static DataClassification SocialSecurityNumber => new(Name, nameof(SocialSecurityNumber));
}
```

> If you want to share your custom classification taxonomy among your applications, this class should be public. For example, you can have a shared library containing custom classifications, that you can use in multiple applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to share your custom classification taxonomy with other apps, this class and its members should be `public` instead of `internal`. For example, you can have a shared library containing custom classifications, that you can use in multiple applications.
```
